Update Action Server docs with slot validation actions (#604)
RasaHQ/rasa-sdk: docs/docs/actions.mdx

When this response is sent back to 
the Rasa server, Rasa will apply the `slot` event and two responses to the tracker, 
and return both messages to the user.

## Special Action Types

> If you decide to use special action types, such as [slot validation actions](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/next/slot-validation-actions),
> note that you must follow the naming convention for slot validation actions: `action_validate_slot_mappings` and `validate_<form name>`.
> In addition, these actions will be expected to behave like the Rasa SDK [`ValidationAction` class](./validation-action.mdx#validationaction-class-implementation)
> and [`FormValidationAction` class](./validation-action.mdx#formvalidationaction-class-implementation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are special action types that are automatically triggered under certain circumstances, namely [default actions](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/next/default-actions) and  [slot validation actions](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/next/slot-validation-actions). These special action types have predefined naming conventions that must be followed to maintain the automatic triggering behavior. 

You can customize a default action by implementing a custom action with exactly the same name. Please see the [docs on default actions](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/next/default-actions) for the expected behavior of each action.

Slot validation actions are run on every user turn, depending on whether a form is active or not. A slot validation action that should run when a form is not active must be called `action_validate_slot_mappings`. A slot validation action that should run when a form is active must be called `validate_<form name>`. These actions are expected to return `SlotSet` events only and to behave like the Rasa SDK [`ValidationAction` class](./validation-action.mdx#validationaction-class-implementation)
and [`FormValidationAction` class](./validation-action.mdx#formvalidationaction-class-implementation) respectively.
```
